----------------------------------------------------------------------
Second Report of Referee A -- LF16722/Anderson
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear editor and authors,

In their reply to my comments the authors boil down my comments to the
fact "​t​hat ​o​ur ​r​esults ​l​ack ​n​ovelty, ​b​ecause ​t​hey
​e​ssentially ​r​eplicate ​t​he ​w​ork ​o​f ​B​aumgart et ​a​l".
First, I want to clarify that I did neither write this in my report
nor did I intend to. Baumgart et al. is just one example out of a host
of papers on dynamical decoupling that I used to stress my point that
this field has been worked on for long. The work of the authors does
add something new, but this in my opinion is just an add-on to
existing work on dynamical decoupling.

In October 2013 Pierre Meystre posted an editorial
(10.1103/PhysRevLett.111.180001), where referees are asked to address
the following points:

"We will ask both authors and referees to address more explicitly than
in the past how the paper (i) substantially advances a particular
field; or (ii) opens a significant new area of research; or (iii)
solves a critical outstanding problem, or makes a significant step
toward solving such a problem; or (iv) is of great general interest,
based, for example, on scientific aesthetics."

Judged the present manuscripts, I get to the following conclusions: i)
Advancing a particular field: Dynamical decoupling is a quite mature
field, and many robust schemes have been developed especially in the
field of NMR and cold ions. To show advancement of another field (e.g.
atomic clocks), the authors would have to prove that their method
allows to surpass the present state-of-the-art. Considering e.g. the
10^-16 sensitivity of state-of-the-art clocks, this is definitely
hard. Considering the example of artificial gauge fields or spinor
dynamics, typical cold atoms experiments currently are limited by
decoherence due to scattering of light, as for state-selective lattice
potentials the detuning can not be larger than the fine-structure
splitting, and not by the residual noise. Actually, the experiments I
know of do not involve dynamical decoupling at all, as this would not
change their results.

ii) Open a new area: This is clearly not the case, as dynamical
decoupling is quite mature and routinely used in e.g. NMR.

iii) The present manuscripts do not solve an outstanding problem, it
is clearly a subproblem existing in the dynamical decoupling
community. The authors mention "T​ypical ​n​oise ​l​evels ​i​n
​u​nshielded environments ​a​re ​o​ften ​c​omparable ​t​o ​t​hese
​R​abi ​f​requency", but unshieded environments can be simply shielded
by mu-metal shieldings, or by using existing pulse sequences (which
admittedly requires control of the pulses, but as e.g. the ion trap
community has shown this is doable to a high precision).

iv) "is of great general interest": This is of course always a
debatable issue, as "general interest" is a rather unclear definition.
Nevertheless, I doubt that the majority of readers of PRL cares about
the fact that dynamical decoupling now has yet another twist to make
it yet a little better. Thus, I personally would deny the fact that
this is of general interest.

In their reply, the authors state "​t​he ​t​ransition ​m​atrix
​e​lements ​b​etween ​d​ressed ​s​tates ​e​nable ​t​he ​d​esign ​o​f
​n​ew Hamiltonians ​w​ith ​n​on-trivial ​t​opological
​c​haracteristics." This is obviously true, but this is not the focus
of both manuscripts. Thus, if the authors find an interesting
Hamiltonian with non-trivial features I am happy to hear about it, but
the present manuscripts do not provide any insight here. The reply by
the authors did not provide any material that would change my previous
opinion, and correspondingly I still can not recommend publication in
PRL.

I would also like to mention that for the general audience the
terminology is rather confusing (which is not the authors fault, as
the terms are around already quite some time). The term "continuous
dynamical decoupling" would have been called "dressed state physics" a
decade or two ago, and there is no dynamics required, the pulses are
static. In the end, by adding a control field new eigenstates are
prepared in the system, which have different properties from the bare
states.I fully agree with the authors that the dressed states have
sometimes useful properties (as the quartic decoupling), but this
deviates strongly from the "classical" field of dynamical decoupling,
where a sequence of tailored rephasing pulses was used to battle
decoherence.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of Referee B -- LF16722/Anderson
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The manuscript describes the generation of dressed states in a spin 1 quantum gas using continuous
dynamical decoupling and shows how carefully choosing experimental parameters can lead to
additional protection against magnetic field noise. The manuscript also demonstrates a very nice and
fast technique for measuring the dressed state spectrum as well as the state coherences and
coupling strengths. This may be particularly interesting for magnetometry. The data is well
presented, and sufficient error analysis has been performed.

The use of continuous dynamical decoupling for the protection against ambient magnetic field noise
is well established and has led to a number of publications especially in the fields of NV centres and
trapped ions and beyond (see references in the manuscript and within). I particularly note the work
of Timoney et al Nature 476, 185 (2011) which covers pioneering work in this area, presenting a
system which is protected against magnetic field fluctuations as well as Rabi frequency fluctuations
of the dressing fields. I recommend including this reference in the manuscript. The work of Baumgart
et al PRL 116, 240801 (2016) is based on the underlying concept of this work and very nicely makes
use of the protected subspace (against magnetic field and Rabi frequency fluctuations) to
demonstrate the suitability of continuous dynamical decoupling for magnetometry.

The work presented in this manuscript makes a nice addition to the broad range of continuous
dynamical decoupling work and I believe it may find useful applications. However, I do not believe
that in its current form it is of sufficiently broad interest to warrant publication in PRL. While it is of
course very interesting to utilize ‘magic’ experimental parameters to increase the protection against
magnetic field noise and combine this with a very efficient measurement technique, given previous
work in the area of continuous dynamical decoupling which appears to share many similarities with
this work and in some cases has some advantages such as inherent protection against dressing field
amplitude noise I believe the advances in this manuscript are not sufficient and more is needed to
warrant publication in PRL. As stated in the introduction and conclusion, one of the prime potential
applications is magnetometry. To be of broader interest I believe significantly more work is required
to show the suitability of this work for magnetometry and beyond as it is not clear at all from the
manuscript how well this system will perform in this and other potential application areas.

I do believe the work in its current form is of interest and in my opinion, would fit well with the
requirements of NJP or PRA for example.